>> Sean Larkin: So why don't we, for a
moment just jump into, actually adding or
start building into our
configuration a little bit more.
And so like this is kind of where I have,
I call it starting out right but
we're gonna go through and just cover and
add a bunch of different
features that I believe are like.
These are things that you're gonna come
across that exist in any webpack.config.
And so we could probably
get rid of the mode none.
But we wanna have a nice way to be able to
compose, and organize and use our project.
And so
I wanna talk about a couple of things.
So we wanna eventually start writing
some code that's gonna work in
the browser, right?
And probably the first
thing that we wanna do is
we're gonna apply certain features or
capabilities dependent on if it's
a production or
development environment, right?
And so like webpack,
we tried to solve this out of the box as
much as possible using the mode flag.
But we can also pass in
environment variables, and
environment flags from the CLI into the
configuration, and that's super valuable.
So webpack can take an object,
as the default export for the module for
your config, but it can also take
a function that returns an object.
And so,
>> Sean Larkin: Let's see,
this is the nice shorthand syntax
if you don't have any logic and
it's like an instant return.
So if we wanted to add
additional behavior or what not,
why don't we just start out
by adding a single property.
Let's just say,
I don't like main.js personally,
I like calling them chunks or bundles.
So let's go ahead and
go to the output property,
and this is, it's an object.
And so there's a bunch of different
properties underneath, but
the one we're concerned about is filename.
And we can just call it bundle.js.
>> Sean Larkin: So
it should,
>> Sean Larkin: if
I'm correct.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
that's what I was expecting.
>> Sean Larkin: So
you should now see the name of
your bundle changed to bundle.js.